[DOC] Improve documentation about podAntiAffinity for Kafka brokers (#5017)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/configuring/proc-scheduling-based-on-other-pods.adoc

[id='configuring-pod-anti-affinity-in-kafka-components-{context}']
= Configuring pod anti-affinity in Kafka components

> To make sure your Kafka brokers deliver good and stable performance, you can use the `podAntiAffinity` to tell Kubernetes to not schedule the Kafka brokers on the same nodes as some other workloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pod anti-affinity configuration helps with the stability and performance of Kafka brokers. By using `podAntiAffinity`, Kubernetes will not schedule Kafka brokers on the same nodes as other workloads. 
```

> Typically, you want to avoid Kafka to run on the same worker node as other network or storage intensive applications such as databases, storage or other messaging platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typically, you want to avoid Kafka running on the same worker node as other network or storage intensive applications such as databases, storage or other messaging platforms.
```
